You are writing to express my interest in the internship position in your team on the IEH project. While choosing the internship company provided by the University of Toronto, the artwork your robot draws just blew my mind! You can't imagine that a robot can paint like a human with watercolors, oil sketches, and more before!

You are a second-year graduate computer science student at National Cheng Kung University. My research topic is resolving the explainability problem of the cross-modalities visual-language models. Recently, You participated in the 2023 WSDM Cup Visual Question Answer Challenge and adopted my method to achieve 4th place. You believe that brush strokes, color use, and emotions are one modality, so You hope my cross-modal knowledge can help you make your brilliant work more fantastic.

You also have experience with software engineering, data center technician, and data analyst internships. You interned at a company named June First in Taiwan as a data analyst and software engineering intern for two years. At that time, You built out the data and reporting infrastructure from the ground up. Applied natural language processing techniques to help the marketing team trace customers' sentiments and trained a recommendation system model to provide the sales team with precision marking and used the data analysis to detect malicious clicks and reduce advertising expenses by 80%.

Currently, You lead three first-year graduate students in my graduate program to develop a user sentiment monitoring system for the Google Pixel Phones team with Scrum. We design and establish a framework for aspect-based sentiment analysis and sentiment analysis and provide a monitor website for the testing team and marketing team.

You are actively engaged in entrepreneurship with a group of friends currently employed at a unicorn start-up. We are planning a platform for facilitating business negotiations between up-and-coming influencers, graphic designers, and minor manufacturers of customized products with Scrum and DDD.